=head1 INTRODUCTION

The translation system in Zonemaster is a two-step process, where internal
message tags are first translated to English strings with argument
placeholders, and a second step where GNU gettext is used to translate the
strings to other languages and fill in the placeholders based on provided data.

=head1 FOR DEVELOPERS OF ZONEMASTER TEST MODULES

Your test code should produce log messages with message tags, as documented
elsewhere. These tags will be used for translation to human language, for
determining the severity of the even logged and to make the events easily used
by other software.

Each test module must also have a method named C<translation()>. This method
must return a reference to a hash, in which the keys are message tags (short
form, without module specification), and the corresponding values a string
describing the meaning of the tag in English. In this string can be
placeholders of the form C<{somename}>, which will be replaced by the value of
the log entry argument named C<somename>.

The English string with its placeholders will be used as a key to look up
corresponding translated strings in other languages, so be very careful about
editing them!

Every time you have added, removed or modified a tag or its arguments, re-run
the F<extract_po.pl> script as descibed in the next section.

=head1 FOR TRANSLATORS

The translation files live in the subdirectory F<share> in the L<Zonemaster>
source directory, and are named as C<{language_code}.po> (for example,
F<en.po>, F<sv.po> or F<fr.po>). The master file is F<en.po>. All other
translations should be based on that file, and that file should never be
edited. It is produced by running the script F<util/extract_po.pl>, which will
walk through all installed L<Zonemaster> test modules, pull out their provided
English translations and make these into a valid C<po> file. This should only
be necessary to do when a developer has added or changed a test module. If the
new code is installed, just running the script works. If the new code has not
been installed, run the script with an C<-I> flag pointing at the edited
module(s).

In order to make a new translation usable, it must be compiled to C<mo> format
and installed. The first step needs the C<msgfmt> program from the GNU gettext
package to be installed and available in the shell path. As long as it is, it
should be enough to go to the F<share> directory and run C<make>.

For the new translation to actually be installed, the C<mo> file must be added
to the F<MANIFEST> file. At the end of the C<make> run, it should have printed
a list of all the paths that has to be there. Just open F<MANIFEST> in a text
editor, check that all the lines are in there and add any that are missing (if
you just added a new translation, that will be missing, for example).

Once the new translation is compiled and added to F<MANIFEST>, the normal Perl
C<make install> process will install it.

Don't forget to commit the new C<po> and C<mo> files to git.